[chore] add docs for oras_login --resolve flag (#210)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/commands/oras_login.mdx

oras login --insecure localhost:5000
```

> Log in to registry with customized DNS resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to a registry with custom DNS resolution
```

```bash

> oras login prod.registry.io:80 --resolve prod.registry.io:80:127.0.0.1:5000 --plain-http

Reviewer 2: Below command does the same job with simpler usage:
```suggestion
oras login prod.registry.io --resolve prod.registry.io:5000:127.0.0.1 --plain-http
```
Also this file is auto-generated from `oras login -h` and should be modified on its own. `--resolve` is a common flag for all ORAS CLI commands targeting registry developers and it's better to have a blog to introduce it. @amands98 Are you interested in adding the blog?

Author: yeah, I can

Reviewer 3: @amands98 Would you mind creating an issue to track this blog item?
